

YOU ARE GREEN 
 
I seek knowledge and understanding 
Analytical, Global, Conceptual 
I live by my own standards 
Cool, Calm, Collected 
I need explanation and answers 
Inventive, Logical, Perfectionist 
I value intelligence, insight, fairness, and justice 
Abstract, Hypothetical, Investigative  
I am a natural non-conformist, a visionary, a problem solver 
 
 
In childhood… 
 I appeared to be older than my years and focused on my greater interests, achieving in subjects that were mentally stimulating.   

 I was impatient with drill and routine, questioned authority, and found it necessary to respect teachers before I could learn from them.  



In relationships… 
 I prefer to let my head rule my heart.   

 I dislike repetition, so it is difficult for me to continuously express feeling.  I believe that once feelings are stated, they are obvious to others.   

 I am uneasy when my emotions control me; I want to establish a relationship, leave it to maintain itself, and turn my energies to my studies, work or other interests.  



At work… 
 I am conceptual and an independent thinker.  For me, work is play.   

 I am drawn to constant challenge in careers, and like to develop models, explore ideas, or build systems to satisfy my need to deal with innovation.   

 Once I have perfected an idea, I prefer to move on, leaving the project to be maintained and supported by others.  



Leadership Style… 
 Expects intelligence and competence 

 Assumes task relevancy 

 Seeks ways to improve systems 

 Visionary 

 Analytical 

 Encourages change for improvement 

 Constantly “in process” of change 

 Expects people to follow through  



Symptoms of a Bad day… 
 Indecisiveness 

 Refusal to comply or cooperate; the silent treatment 

 Extreme aloofness and withdrawal 

 Snobbish, put-down remarks, and sarcasm 

 Perfectionism due to severe performance anxiety 

 Highly critical attitudes toward yourself or others 



